---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "virtomize_iso Resource - virtomize-uii"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# virtomize_iso (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# configure a virtual machine
resource "virtomize_iso" "debian_iso" {
    name = "debian_iso"
    distribution = "debian"
    version = "11"
    hostname = "examplehost"
    networks = [{
      dhcp = true
      no_internet = false
  }]
 }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `distribution` (String) The distribution, for example `debian`
- `hostname` (String) The host name to be configured during the installation
- `name` (String)
- `networks` (Attributes List) A list of networks that should be configured. Must contain at least one network with internet access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `version` (String) The version of the distribution, for example `11`

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The architecture variant of the OS that should be installed. `32` or `64`. Defaults to `64`.
- `enable_ssh_authentication_through_password` (Boolean) If true, login into the OS through SSH will be enabled.
- `keyboard` (String) The keyboard layout used for the OS. For example `en-en`. Defaults to English.
- `locale` (String) The locale used for the OS. For example `en-en`. Defaults to English.
- `packages` (List of String) A list of additional packages that should be installed in addition to the necessary ones.
- `password` (String) A password to be set the `root` user. The default password if this parameter is not set is `virtomize`.
- `ssh_keys` (List of String) A list of SSH keys to be installed for use with the SSH login.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone to be used by the OS.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String)
- `localpath` (String) The path where the ISO is temporary cached after its creation.

<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `dhcp` (Boolean) Specifies if the network should automatically retrieve its IP through and DHCP server.
- `no_internet` (Boolean) A flag indicating if this network does not have access to internet. At least one network needs internet access.

Optional:

- `dns` (List of String) A list of DNS server for this network. Necessary only for non DHCP networks.
- `domain` (String) The domain used for this network. Necessary only for non DHCP networks.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway used for this network. Necessary only for non DHCP networks.
- `ip_net` (String) The CIDR for this network, for example `198.51.100.0/22`, Necessary only for non DHCP networks.
- `mac` (String) The mac address of the network card this network configuration should be applied to. Only necessary if more then one card is present.


